release v1.1.0-beta.1 (#1459)
pingcap/tidb-operator: CHANGELOG-1.1.md

- Support tidb-operator to spec nodeSelector, affinity and tolerations ([#855](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/855), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
- Support configuring resources requests and limits for all containers of the TiDB cluster ([#853](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/853), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Support using Kind (Kubernetes IN Docker) to set up a testing environment ([#791](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/791), [@xiaojingchen](https://github.com/xiaojingchen))
- Support add-hoc data source to be restored with the tidb-lightning chart ([#827](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/827), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Add the `tikvGCLifeTime` option ([#835](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/835), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
- Update the default backup image to pingcap/tidb-cloud-backup:20190828 ([#846](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/846), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Fix the Pump/Drainer data directory to avoid potential data loss ([#826](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/826), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - Fix `tkctl` ouput nothing with `-oyaml` or `-ojson` flag and support for viewing details of a specific pod or PV, also improve get comand output ([#822](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/822), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that`tkctl` ouputs nothing with the `-oyaml` or `-ojson` flag and support viewing details of a specific Pod or PV, also improve get comand output ([#822](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/822), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

Reviewer: What does "also improve get comand output" mean?

Author: should be "also improve the output of `get` command"

> - Fix the issue that`tkctl` ouputs nothing with the `-oyaml` or `-ojson` flag and support viewing details of a specific Pod or PV, also improve the ooutput of the `tkctl get` command ([#822](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/822), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that`tkctl` ouputs nothing with the `-oyaml` or `-ojson` flag and support viewing details of a specific Pod or PV, also improve the output of the `tkctl get` command ([#822](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/822), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

- Add recommendations options to mydumper: `-t 16 -F 64 --skip-tz-utc` ([#828](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/828), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
- Support zonal and multi-zonal clusters in deploy/gcp ([#809](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/809), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
- Fix ad-hoc backup when the default backup name is used ([#836](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/836), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
- Add the support for tidb-lightning ([#817](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/817), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Support restoring the TiDB cluster from a specified scheduled backup directory ([#804](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/804), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

> - Fix tkctl log output exception ([#797](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/797), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: What does it mean?

Author: It means an exception in the log of `tkctl` is fixed

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1459/commits/a98134ad35791de28c02cbcef1a719a9034200e7

- Add the `hostNetwork` field in PD/TiKV/TiDB spec to make it possible to run TiDB components in host network ([#774](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/774), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
- Use mdadm and RAID rather than LVM when it is available on GKE ([#789](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/789), [@gregwebs](https://github.com/gregwebs))

> - Users can now expand cloud storage PV dynamically by increasing PVC storage size ([#772](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/772), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users can now expand cloud storage PV dynamically by increasing the PVC storage size ([#772](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/772), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
```

- Fix error handling for UpdateService ([#718](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/718), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
- Reduce e2e run time from 60 m to 20 m ([#713](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/713), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
- Add the `AdvancedStatefulset` feature to use advanced StatefulSet instead of Kubernetes builtin StatefulSet ([#1108](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1108), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
- Enable auto generate certificates for the TiDB cluster ([#782](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/782), [@AstroProfundis](https://github.com/AstroProfundis))
- Support backup to gcs ([#1127](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1127), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Support configuring `net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_time` and `net.core.somaxconn` for TiDB and configuring `net.core.somaxconn` for TiKV ([#1107](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1107), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
- Add basic e2e tests for aggregated apiserver ([#1109](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1109), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - Add switch `enablePVReclaim` option to reclaim pv when tidb-operator scales in TiKV or PD ([#1037](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1037), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add switch `enablePVReclaim` option to reclaim PV when tidb-operator scales in TiKV or PD ([#1037](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1037), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

Reviewer: What does "switch `enablePVReclaim` option" mean? Is "switch" a verb or a noun?

Author: a verb, it is better to remove this verb

Reviewer: Agree.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1459/commits/a98134ad35791de28c02cbcef1a719a9034200e7

> - Add `enablePVReclaim` option to reclaim PV when tidb-operator scales in TiKV or PD ([#1037](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1037), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `enablePVReclaim` option to reclaim PV when tidb-operator scales in TiKV or PD ([#1037](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1037), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

- Add new component TiDB aggregated apiserver ([#1048](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1048), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Fix the issue that the tkctl version does not work when the release name is un-wanted ([#1065](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1065), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Support pause for backup schedule ([#1047](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1047), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Fix the issue that TiDB Loadbalancer is empty in terraform output ([#1045](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1045), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
- Fix that the `create_tidb_cluster_release` variable in AWS terraform script does not work ([#1062](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1062), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Enable `ConfigMapRollout` by default in the stability test ([#1036](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1036), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Migrate to use app/v1 and do not support Kubernetes before 1.9 anymore ([#1012](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1012), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))

> - Suspend ReplaceUnhealthy process for AWS TiKV auto-scaling-group ([#1014](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1014), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Suspend the ReplaceUnhealthy process for AWS TiKV auto-scaling-group ([#1014](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1014), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

> - Change tidb-monitor-reloader image to pingcap/tidb-monitor-reloader:v1.0.1 ([#898](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/898), [@qiffang](https://github.com/qiffang))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the tidb-monitor-reloader image to pingcap/tidb-monitor-reloader:v1.0.1 ([#898](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/898), [@qiffang](https://github.com/qiffang))
```

- Add some sysctl kernel parameter settings for tuning ([#1016](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1016), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Support maximum retention time backups for backup schedule ([#979](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/979), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Upgrade the default TiDB version to v3.0.4 ([#837](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/837), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
- Fix values file customization for tidb-operator on Aliyun ([#971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/971), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
- Add the `maxFailoverCount` limit to TiKV ([#965](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/965), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

> - The custom tidb-operator values can be properly set now in terraform script for AWS ([#946](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/946), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: To keep a consistent style, start each PR description with a verb.

Author: Done in https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1459/commits/a98134ad35791de28c02cbcef1a719a9034200e7

> - Convert TiKV capacity into MiB when it's not a multiple of GiB ([#942](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/942), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert the TiKV capacity into MiB when it is not a multiple of GiB ([#942](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/942), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
```

- Support add-hoc data source to be restored with tidb-lightning chart ([#827](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/827), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Add tikvGCLifeTime option ([#835](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/835), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
- Update the default backup image to pingcap/tidb-cloud-backup:20190828 ([#846](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/846), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Fix the pump/drainer data dir to avoid potential data loss. ([#826](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/826), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Fix ouput nothing with -oyaml or -ojson option and support for viewing details of a specific pod or PV,  also improve get comand output ([#822](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/822), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Add recommendations options to mydumper: `-t 16 -F 64 --skip-tz-utc` ([#828](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/828), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
- Support zonal and multi-zonal clusters in deploy/gcp ([#809](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/809), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

> - The ad-hoc backup will fail if use default backup name which is not rendered during helm install in backup-job.yaml. ([#836](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/836), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

Reviewer: What uses the default backup name?

> - Add tidb-lightning support ([#817](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/817), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the support for tidb-lightning ([#817](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/817), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
```

> - Support restore the TiDB cluster from a specified scheduled backup directory ([#804](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/804), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support restoring the TiDB cluster from a specified scheduled backup directory ([#804](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/804), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

- Fix tkctl log output exception ([#797](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/797), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

> - Add `hostNetwork` field in pd/tikv/tidb spec to make it possible to run tidb components in host network. ([#774](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/774), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `hostNetwork` field in PD/TiKV/TiDB spec to make it possible to run TiDB components in host network ([#774](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/774), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
```

- Use mdadm and RAID rather than LVM when it is available on GKE ([#789](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/789), [@gregwebs](https://github.com/gregwebs))
- Users can now expand cloud storage PV dynamically by increasing PVC storage size. ([#772](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/772), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Support configuring node image types for PD/TiDB/TiKV node pools. ([#776](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/776), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
- Add a script to delete unused disk for GKE ([#771](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/771), [@gregwebs](https://github.com/gregwebs))

> - Support `binlog.pump.config` and `binlog.drainer.config` configurations for pump and drainer ([#693](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/693), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support `binlog.pump.config` and `binlog.drainer.config` configurations for Pump and Drainer ([#693](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/693), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Prevent pump progress from an exit with 0 if the pump become `offline` ([#769](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/769), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent the Pump progress from exiting with 0 if the Pump becomes `offline` ([#769](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/769), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Introduce a new helm chart,  tidb-drainer, to facilitate the multiple drainers management. ([#744](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/744), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduce a new helm chart, tidb-drainer, to facilitate multiple drainers management ([#744](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/744), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

> - Add backup-manager tool for support backup、restore and clean backup data ([#694](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/694), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the backup-manager tool to support backing up, restoring, and cleaning backup data ([#694](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/694), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

> - Add `affinity` to pump/drainer configration ([#741](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/741), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `affinity` to Pump/Drainer configration ([#741](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/741), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Fix tikv scale in failure in some cases after tikv failover ([#726](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/726), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the TiKV scaling failure in some cases after TiKV failover ([#726](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/726), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

> - `NONE` ([#719](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/719), [@xiaojingchen](https://github.com/xiaojingchen))

Reviewer: ?

Author: There is no user-facing change in this PR, I will remove this

- Fix error handling for UpdateService ([#718](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/718), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

> - Reduce e2e run time from 60m to 20m ([#713](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/713), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce e2e run time from 60 m to 20 m ([#713](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/713), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Add AdvancedStatefulset feature to use advanced statefulset instead of Kubernetes builtin statefulset ([#1108](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1108), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `AdvancedStatefulset` feature to use advanced StatefulSet instead of Kubernetes builtin StatefulSet ([#1108](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1108), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
```

- Enable auto generate certificates for the TiDB cluster ([#782](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/782), [@AstroProfundis](https://github.com/AstroProfundis))
- Support backup to gcs ([#1127](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1127), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

> - Support configuring net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_time and net.core.somaxconn for TiDB and configuring net.core.somaxconn for TiKV. ([#1107](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1107), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support configuring `net.ipv4.tcp_keepalive_time` and `net.core.somaxconn` for TiDB and configuring `net.core.somaxconn` for TiKV ([#1107](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1107), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
```

- Add basic e2e tests for aggregated apiserver ([#1109](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1109), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - Add switch `enablePVReclaim` option to reclaim pv when scale in tikv or pd ([#1037](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1037), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: What scales in TiKV or PD?

- Unify all S3 compliant storage to support backup and restore ([#1088](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1088), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Set podSecuriyContext to nil by default ([#1079](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1079), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - Add tidb-apiserver in tidb-operator chart ([#1083](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1083), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add tidb-apiserver in the tidb-operator chart ([#1083](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1083), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

- Add new component TiDB aggregated apiserver. ([#1048](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1048), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - Fix tkctl version does not work when the release name is un-wanted ([#1065](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1065), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that the tkctl version does not work when the release name is un-wanted ([#1065](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1065), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

- Support pause for backup schedule ([#1047](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1047), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
- Fix the issue that TiDB Loadbalancer is empty in terraform output. ([#1045](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1045), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

> - Fix that the create_tidb_cluster_release variable in AWS terraform script does not work. ([#1062](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1062), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix that the `create_tidb_cluster_release` variable in AWS terraform script does not work ([#1062](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1062), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

> - Enable ConfigMapRollout by default in stability test. ([#1036](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1036), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable `ConfigMapRollout` by default in the stability test ([#1036](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1036), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

> - Migrate to use app/v1 and does not support Kubernetes before 1.9 anymore. ([#1012](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1012), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate to use app/v1 and do not support Kubernetes before 1.9 anymore ([#1012](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1012), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))
```

- Suspend ReplaceUnhealthy process for AWS tikv auto-scaling-group ([#1014](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1014), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Change tidb-monitor-reloader image to pingcap/tidb-monitor-reloader:v1.0.1 ([#898](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/898), [@qiffang](https://github.com/qiffang))
- Add some sysctl kernel parameter settings for tuning. ([#1016](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1016), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
- Support maximum retention time backups for backup schedule ([#979](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/979), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

> - Upgrade default TiDB version to v3.0.4 ([#837](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/837), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade the default TiDB version to v3.0.4 ([#837](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/837), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
```

> - Fix values file customization for tidb-operator on aliyun ([#971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/971), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix values file customization for tidb-operator on Aliyun ([#971](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/971), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
```

> - Add `maxFailoverCount` limit to TiKV ([#965](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/965), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `maxFailoverCount` limit to TiKV ([#965](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/965), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - The custom tidb-operator values can be properly set now in terraform script for AWS . ([#946](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/946), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The custom tidb-operator values can be properly set now in terraform script for AWS ([#946](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/946), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

Reviewer: What does "properly set" mean?

- Convert tikv capacity into MiB when it's not a multiple of GiB. ([#942](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/942), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

> - Fix drainer misconfiguration ([#939](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/939), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix Drainer misconfiguration ([#939](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/939), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Make tidb-operator and tidb-cluster can be deployed with customized values.yaml correctly. ([#959](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/959), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support correctly deploying tidb-operator and tidb-cluster with customized `values.yaml` ([#959](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/959), [@DanielZhangQD](https://github.com/DanielZhangQD))
```

- The instance label key of resources owned by `tidbcluster` is default to the cluster name now. ([#1419](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1419), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Custom resource `TidbCluster` is extended to support managing Pump cluster. ([#1269](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1269), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Fix the default tikv-importer configuration ([#1415](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1415), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- expose ephemeral-storage in resource config ([#1398](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1398), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- e2e case of operating tidb-cluster without helm ([#1396](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1396), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Expose terraform aliyun ACK version and specify the default version to '1.14.8-aliyun.1'. ([#1284](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1284), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
- scheduler: refine scheduler error message ([#1373](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1373), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

> - Use cluster-role system:kube-scheduler to binding service account tidb-scheduler. ([#1355](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1355), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bind the cluster-role `system:kube-scheduler` to the service account `tidb-scheduler` ([#1355](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1355), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
```

- Add new CRD TidbInitializer. ([#1391](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1391), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Upgrade the default backup image to pingcap/tidb-cloud-backup:20191217 and facilitate -r option ([#1360](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1360), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Terraform: fix docker ulimit configuring for latest EKS AMI. ([#1349](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1349), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Support sync pump status to tidb-cluster. ([#1292](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1292), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
- `tidb-controller-manager` will automatically create and reconcile the tidb-discovery-service now ([#1322](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1322), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - make backup and restore more universal and secure ([#1276](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1276), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make backup and restore more universal and secure ([#1276](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1276), [@onlymellb](https://github.com/onlymellb))
```

> - pd and tikv configs are now managed in TidbCluster resource. ([#1330](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1330), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Manage PD and TiKV configuations in TidbCluster resource ([#1330](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1330), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

Reviewer: Please start a PR description with a verb and remove periods to keep a consistent style.

> - The configuration of tidb-server can be managed in the `TidbCluster` resource now. ([#1291](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1291), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support managing the configuration of tidb-server in the `TidbCluster` resource ([#1291](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1291), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

- Add schema for configuration of TiKV. ([#1306](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1306), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - tidb-initializer: wait for the TiDB host:port is open before processing to initialize TiDB. This speeds up TiDB initialization. ([#1296](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1296), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- tidb-initializer: wait for the TiDB host:port to be opened before processing to initialize TiDB. This speeds up TiDB initialization ([#1296](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1296), [@cofyc](https://github.com/cofyc))
```

- Remove DinD related scripts ([#1283](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1283), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
- backup chart: allow retrieving credentials from metadata on AWS and GCP ([#1248](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1248), [@gregwebs](https://github.com/gregwebs))
- Add the privilege to operate configmap for tidb-controller-manager. ([#1275](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1275), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Manage TiDB service in tidb-controller-manager. ([#1242](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1242), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
- Support cluster-level setting for components ([#1193](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1193), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

> - get time string from current time instead of pod name ([#1229](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1229), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the time string from the current time instead of the Pod name ([#1229](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1229), [@weekface](https://github.com/weekface))
```

> - Operator will not resign ddl owner when upgrading tidb-servers anymore because tidb-server will transfer ddl owner automatically on shutdown. ([#1239](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1239), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Operator will not resign the ddl owner anymore when upgrading tidb-servers because tidb-server will transfer ddl owner automatically on shutdown. ([#1239](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1239), [@aylei](https://github.com/aylei))
```

Reviewer: What does "tidb-server will transfer ddl owner automatically on shutdown" mean？

> - Fix google terraform module `use_ip_aliases` error. ([#1206](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1206), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix the Google terraform module `use_ip_aliases` error ([#1206](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1206), [@tennix](https://github.com/tennix))
```

> - upgrade default TiDB version to v3.0.5 ([#1179](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1179), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade the default TiDB version to v3.0.5 ([#1179](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1179), [@shonge](https://github.com/shonge))
```

> - Upgrade base system of docker images to latest stable ([#1178](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1178), [@AstroProfundis](https://github.com/AstroProfundis))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgrade the base system of Docker images to the latest stable ([#1178](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/1178), [@AstroProfundis](https://github.com/AstroProfundis))
```

> - `tkctl get tikv` now can show store state for each tikv pod ([#916](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/916), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tkctl get tikv` now can show store state for each TiKV Pod ([#916](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/916), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))
```

- Add an option to monitor across namespaces ([#907](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/907), [@gregwebs](https://github.com/gregwebs))

> - `tkctl get tikv` add `STOREID` column to show store id for each tikv pod ([#842](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/842), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the `STOREID` column to show the store ID for each TiKV Pod in `tkctl get tikv` ([#842](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/pull/842), [@Yisaer](https://github.com/Yisaer))
```
